# Drug_Design
The Drug Design Project is aiming at researching different deep learning models’ performance on target prediction and measurement value regression. This is one of my professor’s academic research. After carefully reading the proposal and data description, the first step is to clean and reorganize the dataset. It is an important step because original data is always dirty and difficult to model. Our dataset is even more tricky, in addition to checking null values, this dataset need to be reorganized because some different factors were squeezed in one column. Fortunately, python pandas package and regular expressions work well for the cleaning and reorganization. I didn’t remove any outliers because the research is medical related, and extreme values might have significant meaning. 

Then, for the target prediction, which is a classification task. The dataset was split into train set, test set and validation set, percent of correct classification (PCC) is used to evaluate different model’s performance. I tried some traditional models first, the best of which was random forest and its PCC was over 80% in test set. However, the performance of random forest seemed to be unstable when I ran it for more times. Then, I tried 2 different deep learning methods, which are Convolution Neural Network (CNN) and Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN). I have tried 5 layers-CNN and 6 layers-CNN, both of them achieve PCC about 80% in test set, however, CNN ran very slowly on my laptop. I just started research on GAN, and have built a basic GAN model consisting of 2 ordinary neural networks which work as discriminator and generator respectively, work on binary classification. Up until now, the GAN model’s PCC on binary classification is also about 80% in test set.

For regression task, mean squared error (MSE) is used to evaluate different model’s performance, and the dataset is also divided into train set, test set and validation set. The measurement value need to be inversed because the factor exists a few very large values and the models would be twisted since these large values can cause large cost, and the training process is aiming at reducing the cost. Unfortunately, neither traditional methods nor deep learning models got good results in regression task. I plan to group the original dataset by measure type or target and then try different models again.
